Clarified IAP monitoring and auth services (#697)
kubeflow/website: content/docs/gke/deploy/deploy-cli.md

UI. If you're looking for a simpler deployment procedure, see how to deploy 
Kubeflow [using the deployment UI](/docs/gke/deploy/deploy-ui).

## Before you start

Before installing Kubeflow on the command line:

1. Ensure you have installed the following tools:
  
    * [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
    * [gcloud](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/)

1. If you're using
  [Cloud Shell](https://cloud.google.com/shell/), enable 
  [boost mode](https://cloud.google.com/shell/docs/features#boost_mode).

1. If you want to use [Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy (Cloud 
  IAP)](https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/) for access control, follow the guide

>   to [setting up an OAuth credential](/docs/gke/deploy/oauth-setup). 

Reviewer: This relative path does not resolve.

Author: Done.

>   to [setting up an OAuth credential](/docs/gke/deploy/oauth-setup). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to [set up OAuth credentials](/docs/gke/deploy/oauth-setup). 
```

Author: I'll stick with "setting" but take the change from singular to plural. :)

>   Cloud IAP is recommended for production deployments or deployments with 

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice if possible.

Author: In this case, I think "is recommended" is OK. I can't think of a better alternative.

>   access to sensitive data. The alternative is basic authentication (username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  access to sensitive data. Alternatively, you can use basic authentication with a username
```

Author: Done.

>   and password).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and password.
```

1. Create environment variables for your access control services:

    ```bash

>     # If using Cloud IAP, create environment variables from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # If you use Cloud IAP, create environment variables from the
```

    # OAuth client ID and secret that you obtained earlier:
    export CLIENT_ID=<CLIENT_ID from OAuth page>
    export CLIENT_SECRET=<CLIENT_SECRET from OAuth page>

>     # If using basic authentication, create environment variables for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # If you use basic authentication, create environment variables for
```
